README.md, before:

# __IS601 - Homework 2__
## 1. __General Information__
### 1. __Names of Creators__

   * Sai Narsimha Rao Konda
   * Pratik Kulkarni

### 2. __The concept of the website__

    Gives an overview on the History of Internet.

## 2. __Website General Information__

    1. Description
    2. Keywords
    3. Website Title
    4. Page Title: 
    5. Hero Text

## 3. __Website Main Menu__

![HomePage Image](https://github.com/sainarasimhak/IS601Homework2/raw/main/homepagebg.jpg "Home-Page Background")

## 4. __Pages__

### Page 1 - Origin of Internet

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Origin of the Internet
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Origin of Internet](https://github.com/sainarasimhak/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page1.md)
    
### Page 2 - Growth of applications to use the Internet

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Applications
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Growth of applications to use the Internet](https://github.com/sainarasimhak/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page2.md)
    
### Page 3 - Creation of the Browser 

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Browser
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Creation of the Browser](https://github.com/sainarasimhak/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page3.md)
    
### Page 4 - Companies emerge

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Companies
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Companies emerge](https://github.com/sainarasimhak/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page4.md)
    
## 5. __Sidebar Content__

## 6. __Sidebar Image__

    1. Image Link
    2. Image Alt Attribute
    3. Sidebar Text
    
## 7. __Page Image__

    1. Page Image Link
    2. Page Alt Attribute

## 8. __Footer Menu__

## 9. __About Page__

Commit message:

updating footer and about page

README.md, after:

# __IS601 - Homework 2__
## 1. __General Information__
### 1. __Names of Creators__

   * Sai Narsimha Rao Konda
   * Pratik Kulkarni

### 2. __The concept of the website__

    Gives an overview on the History of Internet.

## 2. __Website General Information__

    1. Description
    2. Keywords
    3. Website Title
    4. Page Title: 
    5. Hero Text

## 3. __Website Main Menu__

![HomePage Image](https://github.com/pratik1596/IS601Homework2/raw/main/homepagebg.jpg "Home-Page Background")

## 4. __Pages__

### Page 1 - Origin of Internet

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Origin of the Internet
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Origin of Internet](https://github.com/pratik1596/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page1.md)
    
### Page 2 - Growth of applications to use the Internet

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Applications
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Growth of applications to use the Internet](https://github.com/pratik1596/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page2.md)
    
### Page 3 - Creation of the Browser 

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Browser
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Creation of the Browser](https://github.com/pratik1596/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page3.md)
    
### Page 4 - Companies emerge

   1. Menu Link
   2. Page Title: Companies
   3. Description
   4. Keywords
   5. Page Layout: F
   6. Page Content: [Companies emerge](https://github.com/pratik1596/IS601Homework2/blob/main/page4.md)
    
## 5. __Sidebar Content__

## 6. __Sidebar Image__

    1. Image Link
    2. Image Alt Attribute
    3. Sidebar Text
    
## 7. __Page Image__

    1. Page Image Link
    2. Page Alt Attribute

## 8. __Footer Menu__

   * Pages
   * Privacy Statement
   * Other Useful Info
   * About Us
   * Contact Us ( Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn)

## 9. __About Page__

   1. Menu Link: About us
   2. Page Title About us
   3. Description: Information abut Pratik and Sai, and other information as required in the assignment.
   4. Keywords: About us, Pratik Kulkarni, Sai Narasimha Rao K
   5. Page Layout: Z Layout
   6. Page Content: [About Us](https://github.com/pratik1596/IS601Homework2/blob/main/AboutUs.md)
